hey what's going on YouTube EXO coming
at you with a very well requested video
today i am going to show you how to make
your HD camera an even better HD camera
all the handheld cameras nowadays you
gotta hold so far away from all the
targets that you're filming because you
can't see on this video i'm going
to show you how to make your ankles even
wider broader and clear so any further
ado I'm going to show you the Sun pack
35 millimeter lens heck alright let's
get into it alright let's get started
here now before you get going too crazy
you can see that there's a microphone
pick up right there you're going to want
to go ahead and cover that with some
electrical tape or some duct tape so
when you start gluing you're not going
to get it inside that hole or near the
light bulb it'll make sure you'll have
some good audio for the future so I'm
gonna go ahead and tape it right now got
myself some guerilla date let's go ahead
and rip yourself off a nice little piece
and just enough to cover the microphone
there like that and that should make
sure everything's safe now it's ready to
be glued now the next step is to find
the appropriate ring so go ahead and
find those rings that came with your
package and local round until you find
one that says 25 millimeter because
that's the one we're going to be using
for this Kodak so it fits perfectly
right on top of there but now we're
going to go ahead and get this glue and
you want to make sure it's one hundred
percent is centered on that lens there
and then just apply a little bit of
pressure so let's get into that right
now I'm going to go ahead and switch the
angle so it's a little bit easier for me
so go ahead and grab that get your pen
your glue pen ready go ahead and screw
that right off
should be ready to go then just apply it
and hold it real tight for about no 10
to 15 seconds just enough so the glue
dries and this will be to hold it on
just until you get some stronger
adhesive and now i'm going to go ahead
and sink it in even further I got a
little bits kind of old but it sticks
really really good almost turns into
fiberglass this is the Elmer's ultimate
high performance glue so let's get
myself a little a little helping here it
acts just like fiberglass it hardens
like fiberglass so I'm going to use this
go ahead and get the lens here let it
drip down the nail
and then apply it to the to the spots
that you need
it's very thick so you can just let it
sit for a second and the will follow its
own trail down now I'm sledding that
glue sit the Elmer's glue this is going
to be a little stronger might look a
little shitty right now but I'll uh I'll
clean it up after it'll definitely be
very very strong all right now here's
what we're working with for a final
project it's not that bad if you asked
me you know very strong I can hold it up
by the lens itself drop it around and
you know it's very strong it'll do the
job just fine so there you guys go
that's how you do it that's the little
tutorial video and now I'm just going to
go outside and give you a before and
after of some different shots i'll do
some macro shots and some field shots
and so go ahead and check that video
i'll go ahead and put the link to it
right here and all right EXO until the
next tutorial talk to you later